Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH"...
Dartz: FUELED BY
THE POWER OF MY SPIRIT,
THE GREAT BEAST
HAS RETURNED!
Joey: IT'S DARTZ.
Yami-Yugi: YES.
WHEN HE LOST OUR DUEL,
HE MUST HAVE SOMEHOW
MERGED TOGETHER
WITH THE GREAT
LEVIATHAN.
NOW, TIMAEUS...
ALONG WITH
THE FANG OF CRITIAS...
AND THE UNSTOPPABLE
CLAW OF HERMOS...
All: ARISE!
Yami-Yugi:
BEHOLD THE LEGENDARY
KNIGHTS OF ATLANTIS!
BRACE
YOURSELVES.
I RECOGNIZE THOSE LIGHTS.
ME, TOO.
ME 3.
IT'S JUST LIKE
THAT NIGHT
WHEN THE GATEWAY
FIRST OPENED.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
MONSTERS, UNITE!
WITHOUT US,
ALL HOPE IS LOST.
WE MUST JOIN FORCES
WITH THE HUMANS,
AND TOGETHER
WE SHALL DEFEAT
THE GREAT BEAST.
NOW GO!
LOOK. SOMEONE'S HELPING US.
WELL, ARE YOU DORKS
JUST GONNA STAND THERE,
OR DO YA THINK
YOU CAN ACT LIKE MEN
FOR A CHANGE?
I'LL SHOW YOU
A DORK.
CHECK OUT THESE
BAD BOYS--
GEARFRIED,
ROCKET WARRIOR,
AND GILFORD
THE LIGHTNING.
I PLAY XYZ-DRAGON CANNON,
BLADE KNIGHT.
AND KAISER SEAHORSE.
I'LL ADD THESE 3 CARDS--
BLACK LUSTER SOLDIER,
BUSTER BLADER,
AND VALKYRION.
THAT THING'S
TOAST.
THERE'S NO WAY
IT CAN SURVIVE
THIS BUTT-KICKIN'.
OH, YEAH!
WHAT'D I SAY?
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
Joey: WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
Dartz: YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
BETTER THAN THAT.
OH, BOY.
GUYS, LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE GONNA NEED
A PLAN "B."
NO WAY!
IT'S NOT
OVER YET.
THAT SIDESHOW
FREAK
STILL HAS
TO GET PAST
OUR KNIGHTS.
THIS IS IT.
STAY STRONG, GUYS.
YOU'RE OUR LAST HOPE!
Dartz: SO MUCH FOR
YOUR LAST LINE OF DEFENSE.
THAT DOES IT.
BRING IT ON,
YOU MUTANT.
Yami-Yugi: NOT THE BEST TIME
TO BE INSULTING HIM, JOEY.
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
THIS IS GROSS!
[JOEY YELLING]
NO! PHARAOH!
Dartz: NOT TO WORRY,
GENTLEMEN.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO BE REUNITED
WITH YOUR FRIENDS.
THEY'RE ALL WAITING
FOR YOU
INSIDE THE BELLY
OF THE BEAST.
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
Dartz: I'M AFRAID
YOUR RESISTANCE IS FUTILE.
IN JUST A FEW SHORT MOMENTS,
YOUR ENERGY WILL BE ABSORBED
BY THE GREAT LEVIATHAN.
BUT DON'T TAKE IT FROM ME.
TAKE IT FROM THEM.
Yami-Yugi: WHAT DO YOU
MEAN BY "THEM"?
Dartz: JUST LISTEN.
DARTZ,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Raphael: PHARAOH...
IS THAT YOU,
RAFAEL?
Alister: KAIBA, HELP.
ALISTER.
Mai: PLEASE SAVE US.
OH, NO.
WHAT DARTZ SAID IS TRUE.
WE'RE TOO LATE.
EVERYONE HE CAUGHT
IS NOW INSIDE
OF THAT MONSTER.
YEAH, WELL, I'M NOT
ABOUT TO LET HIM DO THAT
TO ME WITHOUT A FIGHT.
Dartz: I HATE TO POINT OUT
THE OBVIOUS,
BUT YOU'RE WAIST HIGH
IN THE LEVIATHAN'S
PIT OF DESPAIR
AND SINKING FAST,
SO FIGHTING BACK
ISN'T EXACTLY
AN OPTION, GENTLEMEN.
[DARTZ LAUGHS]
AH, MAN.
IF WE DON'T THINK OF
SOMETHING PRETTY QUICKLY,
HE WINS.
WE'VE COME TOO FAR!
GOT THAT?
WE'RE NOT GIVIN' UP!
AAH!
JOEY!
YUGI, WE CAN'T
LET THEM DOWN!
EVERYONE IN THERE'S
COUNTIN' ON US
TO STOP THIS GUY!
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHIN' WE CAN DO!
OH, THAT HELPS.
THANKS.
I'M SINKING!
Dartz: HOW OBSERVANT.
BUT YOU CAN MAKE THIS
A MUCH MORE PLEASANT
EXPERIENCE
BY SIMPLY GIVING IN.
HELP ME!
YUGI!
JOEY, I'LL SAVE YOU!
IT'S TOO LATE!
DARTZ, NO!
PHARAOH!
I MUST HOLD ON.
Yugi, voice-over:
PHARAOH, THERE MAY BE
A WAY TO FIGHT BACK.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
BUT HOW?
WELL, I WAS THINKING,
IF WE CAN HEAR
THE PEOPLE TRAPPED INSIDE,
MAYBE THEY CAN HEAR US.
OF COURSE.
EVERYONE, LISTEN!
EACH ONE OF US
IS A GLIMMER OF LIGHT
IN THIS SEA OF SHADOWS.
ALONE, WE MAY SEEM
INSIGNIFICANT.
BUT COMBINED TOGETHER,
WE RADIATE ENOUGH ENERGY
TO CONQUER THE DARKNESS.
NOW, PLEASE,
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME,
FOCUS ON THE LIGHT
WITHIN YOUR HEART.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE OURSELVES.
REMEMBER THOSE
YOU CARE ABOUT.
THAT'S WHY
WE FOUND EACH OTHER.
YOU'RE JUST LIKE ME--
LONELY
AND MISUNDERSTOOD.
Joey:
I'M GONNA KEEP FIGHTING
UNTIL I BREAK THROUGH
TO YOU, MAI.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
REMEMBER THOSE
WHO HAVE HELPED YOU.
WE'RE ALMOST OUT.
HANG IN THERE.
I'LL TRY.
HANG ON!
I WON'T LEAVE
WITHOUT YOU!
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
REMEMBER WHAT
YOU FOUGHT FOR.
WHERE'S MOM?
SHE'S GONE.
I KNOW.
WHERE'D SHE GO?
SHE WAS
CAPTURED.
OH.
BUT I PROMISE
THAT WON'T
HAPPEN TO YOU.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
AND REMEMBER WHY
YOU NEVER GAVE UP!
I'VE NEVER FOUGHT
A DUEL LIKE THIS
IN MY LIFE.
YOU'RE PUSHING ME
TO BE MY BEST.
Dartz: I'VE DONE IT.
I'VE AMASSED ENOUGH SOULS
TO CONQUER THE EARTH.
HMM?
WHAT'S THIS?
YES, OF COURSE.
THEY'RE THE LIGHTS
OF THE SPIRITS WITHIN.
LET'S GO!
WE MUST LEND OUR SPARK
TO THE PHARAOH AS WELL!
MY STRENGTH--
TAKE IT BEFORE
I LOSE IT ALL FOR GOOD!
TAKE MINE, TOO,
AND DON'T SCREW
THIS UP, YUGI!
Dartz: WHAT'S GOING ON?
MY CONTROL IS SLIPPING!
NO!
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
IT'S WORKING.
I FEEL AS IF
MY SPIRIT'S BEEN INFUSED
WITH THE POWER OF EVERY SOUL
DARTZ CAPTURED.
IN THE NAME OF THE PHARAOH,
AWAKEN FROM
YOUR ANCIENT SLUMBER!
Dartz: IT CAN'T BE.
NOW I CALL FORTH
THE 3 GODS OF EGYPT!
Dartz: NO!
THEY'VE BEEN SET FREE.
WAIT.
HOW'D YOU GET US
OUTTA THERE, YUGE?
Yami-Yugi:
BY SUMMONING THEM.
Joey: IT'S OBELISK,
SLIFER, AND THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA--
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
YEAH, WE KNOW
WHO THEY ARE.
Dartz: IMPOSSIBLE.
HOW DID HE REVIVE
THE EGYPTIAN GODS?
Yami-Yugi:
THE GODS MAY NEED MY HELP.
WELL, PHARAOH, GOOD LUCK.
YOUR MOVE.
YOU DARE TO CHALLENGE
THE GREAT LEVIATHAN?
YOU HAVE A LOT
TO LEARN, PHARAOH.
EGYPTIAN GODS...
COUNTERATTACK.
[DARTZ LAUGHING]
Dartz:
THEY'RE POWERLESS.
Joey: THAT
LEVIATHAN'S
A GONER.
IT'S 3 ON ONE
UP THERE.
I SEE YOU CAN COUNT.
UNFORTUNATELY, NUMBERS
AREN'T EVERYTHING.
YOU CAN DO THIS, PHARAOH.
Dartz: MY GREAT
LEVIATHAN EXISTED
LONG BEFORE
YOUR EGYPTIAN GODS
WERE EVEN BORN.
AND IT WILL RULE
THE EARTH
LONG AFTER
YOUR PATHETIC
CREATURES ARE GONE.
NOW, LEVIATHAN...
ATTACK!
OBELISK, FIST OF FURY...
SLIFER...
THUNDER FORCE ATTACK.
RA, IGNITE YOUR
MIGHTY BLAZE CANNON.
ATTACK!
[MOANING]
Dartz: MY BEAST
IS FUELED
BY THE DARKNESS
OF MY PRISONERS.
WRONG, DARTZ.
I WAS ABLE TO TRANSFORM
THE DARKNESS IN
THEIR HEARTS TO LIGHT,
A LIGHT WHICH NOW
FUELS MY BEASTS.
NO! WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE, PHARAOH?
HEY, LOOK.
I GUESS THE GODS
DID PULL THROUGH.
TOLD YA.
THAT MEANS
EVERYONE
DARTZ CAPTURED
IS FREE.
MAI, WAKE UP.
IT'S OVER.
HEY, VALON.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DARTZ GOT HIS BUM KICKED,
THAT'S WHAT.
SO NOW WE'RE FREE,
THANKS TO THOSE 3 BLOKES.
Mai: KAIBA, YUGI,
AND JOEY?
THEY DID IT?
Valon: THOSE FRIENDS OF
YOURS ARE ALL RIGHT, MAI.
COME ON. LET'S GO.
GO WHERE?
HOME.
Mikey: ALISTER?
Sonia: RAFAEL?
Julien: COME ON. GET UP.
MIKEY?
HEY, BIG BRO.
SONIA. JULIEN.
MOM, DAD, IS THAT YOU?
YOU BET IT'S US.
WE'VE ALWAYS BEEN RIGHT
HERE BY YOUR SIDE, GUYS.
YUP. THAT'S RIGHT.
AND WE ALWAYS
WILL BE.
THANK YOU. SEE YA SOON.
BYE, BRO.
LATER.
MIKEY.
DAD AND MOM...
JULIEN...AND SONIA.
I KNOW YOU'LL ALWAYS
BE WITH ME.
LOOK!
I'M BACK.
RAFAEL. ARE
YOU ALL RIGHT?
OF COURSE.
I'M FREE,
THANKS TO THE 3
CHOSEN DUELISTS.
YOU MEAN...
THEY BEAT DARTZ?
I GUESS THAT EXPLAINS ALL
THOSE LIGHTS IN THE SKY.
Joey: HEY! AW,
MAN. NOW WHAT?
PHARAOH, YOU DID IT.
LET'S GO.
Joey: THIS PLACE
IS GOING DOWN.
THEN WHY ARE WE
STANDING HERE?
Yugi: LOOK.
IT'S THE PASSAGE
THAT LED US HERE.
ALL RIGHT!
HOME, SWEET HOME,
HERE WE COME.
Yami-Yugi: YUGI, WAIT!
WHAT'S WRONG, PHARAOH?
DON'T YOU SENSE IT?
WE CAN'T LEAVE YET.
I COULDN'T SAY
GOOD-BYE JUST YET.
[CHUCKLES]
OH, NO!
ALL RIGHT, THERE'S ONLY
ONE THING LEFT TO DO, YUGI.
TIMAEUS...
ATTACK!
NO! TIMAEUS!
RETURN TO MY DECK
AT ONCE.
NOW WHAT'RE
WE GONNA DO?
WE'LL FIGHT SOMEHOW.
BUT WE'VE TRIED
EVERYTHING AND NOTHING
SEEMS TO WORK.
Dartz: SO YOU'VE COME TO
YOUR SENSES AND GIVEN UP?
WRONG, DARTZ.
HAVEN'T YOU
FIGURED IT OUT YET?
ALL THE MONSTERS
IN THE WORLD
COMBINED TOGETHER
COULDN'T DESTROY
MY LEVIATHAN.
WHY'S THAT?
TELL US!
BECAUSE THIS CREATURE
ISN'T ONE OF YOUR
LITTLE DUEL MONSTERS.
IT WAS BORN FROM THE VERY
DARKNESS OF THE HUMAN SOUL.
AND WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
TELL US!
IS THAT ALL YOU CAN SAY,
YOU INSIGNIFICANT RUNT?
WHAT I MEAN IS:
THE GREAT LEVIATHAN
WAS CREATED BY THE HATRED
AND RAGE OF HUMANS.
SO AS LONG
AS MANKIND EXISTS,
SO DOES THE GREAT BEAST.
Yami-Yugi: YUGI, RUN NOW.
AND LEAVE THESE TWO TO ME.
THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GOING.
YOU'VE GOT IT
ALL WRONG, DARTZ.
THAT CREATURE WAS CREATED
BY THE ORICHALCOS.
YOU WERE LIED TO.
BRAINWASHED...
INTO BELIEVING MANKIND
MUST BE DESTROYED.
BUT HUMAN BEINGS
AREN'T THE EVIL ONES.
IT'S YOU.
THINK, DARTZ.
WHEN YOU RULED ATLANTIS,
ALL OF YOUR PEOPLE WERE
GENEROUS AND PEACEFUL.
BUT THEN THE ORICHALCOS
STONES ARRIVED.
AND EVERYTHING CHANGED.
THOSE FRAGMENTS CARRIED
WITH THEM AN EVIL FORCE.
THEY BROUGHT CHAOS
AND HATRED TO PARADISE.
FACE IT, DARTZ.
THE ORICHALCOS
IS USING YOU TO DO
ITS DIRTY WORK.
BUT YOU'RE NEVER
GOING TO SEE THAT.
SO IF YOU WANT
TO WIPE OUT MANKIND,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
GO THROUGH ME.
PHARAOH, NO!
[YAMI-YUGI GROANING]
Dartz: I'M GOING
TO ENJOY THIS.
HUH?
NOW WHAT?
[YELLING]
Dartz: FAREWELL,
PHARAOH.